as they race out past the stands with
the long run to the first in the
Connolly's Red Mills thyestes chase in
the center last year's winner Winston
boy is the leader from siege master and
selection box miss mitch is on the
inside with Stewart's house and they're
followed by hangover into the turn then
comes out four ridges just in behind
where towards the inside comes Pelham
animo and after bellum animo taking them
into the far turn is Telenor with Jamie
Rahn is next and then Hume Reverend
Canebrake followed by a midnight club
and just after them is pomf TP with
across the bay and office of vacant
belly trim and there some way clear as
they raced down the far side of the back
marker who's good fella so they're going
now to face the first fence and Winston
boy is over in front of stage monster
hangover will Jamie run and miss mich on
the inside
Stewart's house and selection box are
followed by out for rage and humour ever
Telenor towards the outside of belem
animo and then Canebrake as they clear
the second making their way on down the
far side now to approach fence number
three and it's Winston boy who's in the
lead from will Jamie run being followed
by miss mich and siege master in between
horses just after them is alpha Ridge
with Stuart's house towards the inside
of selection box and then Hume river and
Telenor as they go now to the next fence
at the end of the back straight before
making the swing to the cross fence and
Winston boys in the lead being followed
by will Jamie rung and alpha Ridge
between horses miss pitches for and then
comes just in behind him hang over being
followed by Stewart's house and as they
raced now across now to jump this one
and rising in the lead is Winston boy
who was in front being followed by alpha
Ridge will Jamie run hangover and miss
mich couple of lengths then deceit
masters followed by hume river as they
come now to make the good run across
before they'll approach they swing into
the straight three fences to bring them
towards the stands and up front alpha
Ridge has now arranged up to join
Winston boy on the inside a couple of
legs to hang over in third with Jamie
Rahn
miss Mitch and then a break two young
rivers teach master and Telenor with
stewards house followed by selection box
and Canebrake and bellum animu pom
teepee comes next as they make the swing
into the straight three fences now to
bring them towards the stands and
Winston boy on the inside of alpha Ridge
these two in front rising now to the
first of the three in the straight and
third places hangover and then fourth is
miss Mitch will Jamie run and Hume River
our next coming on now to the center
fence in the Strait another ditch and
rising to this one it's now four Ridge
on the stands side it just takes over
from the front running Winston Boyer
close third is hangover will Jamie run
and miss mich are four and five as they
come to jump this one with taking six
places Hume River followed on the inside
by seeds master and then stewards house
on the near side racing up now to pass
the winning post with a circle to go and
hang over an Adrian Hess can come to
join out for rich berry Garrety
they've gone three to four in front of
Winston boy then a break to will Jamie
run and miss mich sage master Telenor in
stewards house and Hume River officer
Vic's improved the inside of Pelham
animu and selection box and they're
being followed end of the turn by the
midnight club and pom teepee and then
came braking belly trim across the bay
and good fella is that the rear of the
field so into the back straight they go
now to face the four fences in a line up
the far side they've got a mile and a
quarter an eighth to jump and it's hang
over and alpha Ridge going head to head
some bait lengths in front of Winston
boy in turn then will Jamie run miss
mitch Stewart's house followed by
Telenor siege master august have acres
next towards the inside hang over pecked
on landing there as Balfour Ridge takes
over the advantage now on the outside
across the bay has been pulled up that
connects now they ditch a mile from the
finish now for ridge with hangover
recovering from that earlier era they're
cleared of Winston boy then selection
box trying to stay on will Jamie runners
after them with miss Mitch and siege
master and then comes Telenor and
officer Vic so they're continuing now
towards the end of the back straight and
alpha Ridge on the outside leads now in
second place on the ins
side is hangover and a break to Winston
boy and then selection box with will
Jamie run then comes after them siege
master a notice of Vic being followed by
Telenor and then Stewart's house and
bellum and amou they're racing now
across to the fourth fence from the
finish and alpha Ridge and Barry Garrity
lead from in second place hang over
there a couple of legs clear of in third
place making ground selection box and
then Winston boy trying to get back into
contention there's a break of five links
to August a Vig seats Meister will Jamie
run and Pelham animu and then the
Midnight Club and Tom TP as they raced
across now with a long run to the fence
before they hit the straight which would
be three from home and it Selfridge and
Barry Garrity being chased now in second
place as they run towards the stray by
Winston boy then comes selection box
office in Vegas fourth Pelham animu and
siege master trying to stay on and after
them is pumped EP is trying to get into
contention midnight club is making
ground on the outside as well and belly
shrimp from a long way back trying to
improve into the straighten out four
ridges clear in second place now is
Pelham animo Winston boy is next with
selection box and August the Vig over
treating the finish now alpha Ridge
touches down in front
Pelham animo is staying on seats master
the top way putting in a late big belly
trim is staying on towards the outside
The Midnight Club where to jump out for
Ridge is the leader over the second-last
alpha Ridge grunts each master putting
in a big effort on the far side Pelham
animo and Dali trim and then the
midnight club coming down to the final
fence in the colonies Red Mill thyestes
now and over at seat master belly trim
and on the outside the Midnight Club
they're inside the last 200 now siege
master and Davey Ross at the midnight
club powering out for them at mothers
racing up towards the finish and sage
master it's gonna win it for the jiggers
townhouse guard great right Davey
Russell top wake baits midnight tub
belly trim alpha Ridge come TP and
Pelham animo